docs: add standalone AI Gateway docs (#27592)
coder/coder: docs/admin/infrastructure/architecture.md

provider API keys. All prompts, token usage, and tool invocations are recorded
for compliance and cost tracking.

AI Gateway supports 2 deployment topologies:

> - **Embedded:** `coderd` runs the AI Gateway data plane in its own process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Embedded:** `coderd` runs the AI Gateway data plane in the same process.
```

- **Standalone:** AI Gateway runs outside `coderd`, as replicas that serve AI traffic and send requests directly to upstream providers.

Standalone replicas hold no authoritative state.
Each replica maintains a control connection to `coderd` for Coder API key validation, provider configuration, and AI session recording, and becomes unready when that connection is unavailable.

> `coderd` remains the source of truth and the only component that writes durable AI Gateway state to PostgreSQL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Standalone replicas hold no state. `coderd` is the source of truth and the only component that writes durable AI Gateway state to the database.
Each replica maintains a control connection to `coderd` for Coder API key validation, provider configuration, and AI session recording, and becomes unready when that connection is unavailable.

```
